Liftoff.
Are you ready to start your first lab in this lab.
You need to complete the following tasks.
You need to power on the devices and then configure them as follows.
The first thing we need to do is configure whose names or device names configure IP addresses as shown
in the diagram.
Ensure that the right is camping each other configure and enable positive Cisco.
You need to encrypt the enabled password.
You need to configure a secret password of Cisco One two three.
You then need to configure the first five telnet lines and use a line password of Cisco on those telnet
lines.
You should make sure that you can telnet from right to one to write to and then from wrote to to write
one.
And you should configure and test a console password of Cisco so can you do this yourself.
Download the packet trace a file and see if you can get the network working.
Per these instructions.
Now if you're not sure how to complete this lab.
Have a look at the next video but try and complete it yourself.
Even if you make mistakes it doesn't matter.
This is just a lab and it's the right place to learn.
You shouldn't be learning on live and networking equipment but here we are using a lab.
Even if you make mistakes you can simply start over again.
So don't worry if you break the network or things don't work.
Just start the lab over again.
The best way to learn again is practice and the best way to practice is to do labs so try and do this
lab yourself.
Or go to the next video and watch me complete the lab.